Project Overview:

We are trying to figure out what is the most commonly used word in a year using the billboard top 100 singles of that year.
We wanted to see if there were trends of word usage as years progressed and maybe delve into cultural context (what can we say about
a year's culture from its most used word? Can we say anything about how America changes from word changes? And most importantly, we're 
just curious. Can we get anything significant from such data?). 


Implementation:

We wikipedia searched the top billboard 100 singles of a certain year (conveniently placed in tables, which turned out to be SUPER inconvenient
for scraping) and put the songs into a list. The list of songs is then put into a function that will search a song name into azlyrics, returning
the lyrics of the song. We then create a list of lyrics. Then we combine all the lyrics into one big string. Then, we use regular expressions
to create a list of words. We then use that to create a dictionary of words, with the number of times they show up as the values.


Results:

It was interesting to see from the four years we measured (due to interesting circumstances), "now" was top 6 words for all 4 years (2010-2013). 
"Baby" only showed up in 2010 (we expected it to show up more). The appearance of "love" decreased over the 4 years, as did "don't" and
"know." "Can" and "make" is making a rise after an initial drop (very interesting). Overall, Words tend to show up fewer times as years progressed.
We believe this could mean that there are less unique words nowadays then previously (less originality/sophisticated lyrics). We want to look 
into this in the future, as well as the complexity of words.

Reflection:

Things went pretty well for the team. We split up functions very well (and convenient for working separately). We communicated well as to
what each function took in and outputted, which was nice. We had some issues with Google not letting us search anything at one point, so 
we couldn't do as much analysis as we wanted to. However, this is a pretty cool topic that we want to explore further. 
